                                                                   DIFFERENCE BETWEEN DOCUMENT AND OBJECT






   * Window manages browser interactions, while Document acts as an interface for content manipulation.


   *The document object is the root node of the HTML document. The document object is a property of the window object.


   *A document window is a graphical interface element in computing that displays the content of a document or file. 
    It is a container within an application where you can view and edit text,images, or any other type of data.
   

   DOCUMENT

      ! It represents any HTML document or web page that is loaded in the browser.
       
      ! It is loaded inside the window.

      ! It is the object of window property.

      ! All the tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document.

      ! We can access the document from a window using the window. document

      ! The document is part of BOM (browser object model) and dom (Document object model)

      ! Properties of document objects such as title, body, cookies, etc can also be accessed by a window like this window. document.title


                                  syntax:                               example:

                            document.popertyname;                       document.title :  will return the title of the document



WINDOW OBJECT

     !  It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage

     ! It is the very first object that is loaded in the browser

     ! It is the object of the browser.

     ! Global objects, functions, and variables of JavaScript are members of the window object.

     ! We can access the window from the window only. i.e. window.window.The window is part of BOM, not DOM.

     ! Properties of the window object cannot be accessed by the document object.

                            syntax:                                     example:

                       window.propertyname;                            window.innerHeight : will return the height of the content area of the brow
                                                       

            